
  Docs: https://ericzimmerman.github.io/KapeDocs/#!index.md

  "Kroll Artifact Parser and Extractor (KAPE) parses and extracts Windows forensics artifacts. 
  It is a tool that can significantly reduce the time needed to respond to an incident by 
  providing forensic artifacts from a live system or a storage device much earlier than the 
  imaging process completes. 

  KAPE serves two primary purposes, 1) collect files and 2) process the collected files as per 
  the provided options. For achieving these purposes, KAPE uses the concept of targets and 
  modules. Targets can be defined as the forensic artifacts that need to be collected."
  -THM Description

  When KAPE collects files, it first copies the low hanging fruits that are not blocked
  by the OS, then for those that are blocked, it bypasses the OS using raw disk reads to
  copy those files. Copies are stored with original metadata, and maintain their directory
  structure.


  "'Targets' are the artifacts that need to be collected from a system or image and copied to our 
  provided destination." These can be collected and formed into compound targets, to improve
  ease of use when performing rapid response. Examples can be found in the Targets directory,
  or for Coumpound Targets there are the files "!BasicCollection", "!SANS_triage" and 
  "KAPEtriage", on the path KAPE\Targets\CompoundTargets.

  Useful forensic artifacts can be found in C:\Windows.old which contains files retained
  after Windows updates.

  The file at KAPE\Modules similarly contains template Modules, with the CompoundModules
  folder serving a similar purpose. The Modules directory also includes a \bin directory 
  which includes the binaries necessary to run certain modules.
  
  The !Disabled path is to keep files that don't need to be used for the current scan.
  The !Local path is for files that shouldn't be synced with the GitHub repo.

  GUI Options:
    Flush: deletes all data in Target destination folder
    Add %d/%m: add date-timestamp/machine info to Target destination directory
    Process VSCs: process Volume Shadow Copies
    transfer: transfer collected artifacts through an SFTP server or an S3 bucket
              files must be enclosed in a container, selected using the radio for Container,
              and given a name using the "Base Name" option.
    When using both Target and Module options, providing the Module Source is not required,
      because modules will use the Target destination as their source.
  
  CLI Options:
    When collecting targets, "tsource", "target", and "tdest" are required.
    When using modules, "module" and "mdest" are required.

  BATCH MODE:
    If a list of commands is provided in a file titled "_kape.cli" kept in the same file 
    as the KAPE binary, it will run the commands in that file on execution.


