
  Splunk is one of the leading SIEM solutions in the market that provides the ability to collect,
  analyze and correlate network and machine logs in real-time.

  Splunk has three main components:
    Forwarder:
      Installed on the endpoint to be monitored, forwarder collects data and sends it back
      to the Splunk instance. Minimally impacts endpoint performance.
    Indexer:
      Processes data received from Forwarders into key:value pairs and determines data types.
    Search Head:
      Where users can search the indexed data using terms or Splunk Search Processing Language.

  
__________
SPLUNK 201

  Start by clicking on "Search and Reporting" on the left panel.

  Interesting log sources:
    wineventlog: It contains Windows Event logs
    winRegistry: It contains the logs related to registry 
                 creation / modification / deletion etc.
    XmlWinEventLog: It contains the sysmon event logs. It is a very important 
                    log source from an investigation point of view.
    fortigate_utm: It contains Fortinet Firewall logs
    iis: It contains IIS web server logs
    Nessus:scan: It contains the results from the Nessus vulnerability scanner.
    Suricata: It contains the details of the alerts from the Suricata IDS. 
              This log source shows which alert was triggered and what caused the alert 
              to get triggered— a very important log source for the Investigation.
    stream:http: It contains the network flow related to http traffic.
    stream: DNS: It contains the network flow related to DNS traffic.
    stream:icmp: It contains the network flow related to icmp traffic.

  All available log and other sources can be viewed in the 
  "Data Summary" tab found on the search tab.

  Before searching, make sure the timeframe is correct, and 
  the search mode is set to the intended value.

  Checking for reconnaisance activity:
    Look for IP addresses with heavy activity. When these are located, check things 
    like user agents, POST requests, URI's for suspicious activity. 
