
Go to the splunk address, then once it's loaded navigate to the search panel using the 
first button on the left side panel. Once at the search panel, we should go configure our 
search parameters so we make sure we're seeing all the information available to us. We 
can set the timeframe to "All Time" because we weren't given a specific timeframe to search 
in, and under the timeframe we can select the dropdown menu and switch "Smart Mode" to 
"Verbose Mode" so we can easily access all available fields. Once we've configured our 
search to show all useful information, we can take a quick look at the search history
and see if there's anything interesting there we can use to jumpstart our investigation.

  Question: How many events were collected and Ingested in the index main?
Looking through the search history it looks like there's already a query for "index=main" 
that we can use for the answer to this.


In the search history it looks like there's another query for "index=*". Just to take a look 
around, I went and executed this query to see if there were any other index values that might
contain interesting information. When checking the "index" field for this query, it looks like
"main" is the only index that exists. When doing another query for "source=*", it seems like 
the same amount of events are received, so the "index" query doesn't seem to actually do a whole
lot and can be omitted in future queries. 

  Question: On one of the infected hosts, the adversary was successful in creating a 
  backdoor user. What is the new username?
Because we have Sysmon logs, we can try to leverage them to find information related to 
user creation. After trying to search for a specific EventID for this, it seems like there
is no "User Creation" EventID, but we can try to use "Process Creation" Events with ID 1 
to see if there are any processes that tried to create a user. When we filter for "EventID=1"
we can then check the "CommandLine" field for suspicious commands executed, and there we 
find something.

  Question: On the same host, a registry key was also updated regarding the new backdoor user. 
  What is the full path of that registry key?
With a search for "host=*" we can see that there only seems to be one host involved in this
source anyways, so we don't need to worry about narrowing our search to stick with the same 
host. Again we can use Sysmon logs to help us here. To do so, we can filter specifically 
for Sysmon logs using the "Channel" field, then add "Category=Registry*" for logs related 
to registry events. Then we further want to narrow for the backdoor user so we can add their 
name to the query, and it gives us 3 events. Looking at the TargetObject field of these events,
we can see registry keys that seem to be related to this user.

  Question: Examine the logs and identify the user that the adversary was trying to impersonate.
Search for "source=*" then look at the "User" field for the answer.

  Question: What is the command used to add a backdoor user from a remote computer?
We can go back to the query we used in the backdoor user creation question and use the 
full value in the "CommandLine" field as the answer for this.

  Question: How many times was the login attempt from the backdoor user observed during 
  the investigation?
For this we can filter for events from the Windows Security Auditing log. When we search 
for the suspicious username, we see 5 events. We can read through the event details for logins
for the login count.

  Question: What is the name of the infected host on which suspicious Powershell 
  commands were executed?
We can filter for PowerShell logs by setting up a "Channel" filter to 
"...PowerShell/Operational". With this, we can see unusual PowerShell activity immediately
and the hostname associated with its execution.

  Question: PowerShell logging is enabled on this device. How many events were logged for 
  the malicious PowerShell execution?
With our previous search, the event count is the answer for this.

  Question: An encoded Powershell script from the infected host initiated a web request. 
  What is the full URL?
We can take the command and put the encrypted part through CyberChef to get usable output.
Using "From Base64" and "Remove null bytes" gets a human readable output. From here, another
encoded string needs to be decoded and the URI needs to be included. Don't forget to defang 
the result.